website: Documentation for parallel logging issues with TF_LOG_PATH_MASK (#997)
hashicorp/terraform-plugin-sdk: website/docs/plugin/sdkv2/testing/acceptance-tests/index.mdx

| `TF_ACC_LOG_PATH` | N/A | Set a file path for all logs during testing. Use `TF_LOG_PATH_MASK` to configure individual log files per test. |
| `TF_LOG_PATH_MASK` | N/A | Set a file path containing the string `%s`, which is replaced with the test name, to write a separate log file per test. Use `TF_ACC_LOG_PATH` to configure a single log file for all tests. |

> If the provider is using the Go standard library [`log` package](https://pkg.go.dev/log) for logging, acceptance testing that utilizes [`helper/resource.ParallelTest()`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-sdk/v2/helper/resource#ParallelTest), and `TF_LOG_PATH_MASK`, the logs associated with each test can output across incorrect files as each new test starts. To resolve this issue, choose one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logs associated with each test can output across incorrect files as each new test starts if the provider is using the Go standard library [`log` package](https://pkg.go.dev/log) for logging, acceptance testing that uses [`helper/resource.ParallelTest()`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-sdk/v2/helper/resource#ParallelTest), and `TF_LOG_PATH_MASK`, . To resolve this issue, choose one of the following approaches:
```

Author: 😍 Thank you for the explanation and updated verbiage.
